# hyperStroop Group Process Specification

### Communication
* Facebook Messenger group for quick communication/questions between each team member. 
    * All members of the team have consistent mobile and desktop access to this service.
    * All members have Facebook Messenger notifications on.
    * It has been the primary means of communication of the team so far and has produced rapid response times.
* Regularly updated wireframes on our team’s Google Drive to secure design consistency between views.
    * Provides a visual check in for desired outcomes.
    * Changes to documents can be automatically sent to the entire team as we all modified out notification settings.
* If we have questions for Andy and Benji, we will use Slack, but most of us do not check Slack regularly so we can get quicker answers via Facebook Messenger for our group. Slack will suffice for off-campus questions with Andy and Benji. However, Slack will be used for other purposes mentioned below.

### Coordination and Planning
* Weekly meetings on Thursdays at 1:30pm in the Research Commons + Google Hangout for John (off-campus) to discuss:
    * What have you done so far (issues from the previous week)
    * Anything currently being worked on?
    * Current roadblocks (what you need and from who)
    * Where you would like to be by the next meeting (open new issues)
* Use GitHub’s Issue and Project features for issue tracking and project planning. 
    * Close issues assigned to you as you complete them.
    * Create new issues for the upcoming week at our weekly meeting
    * Drag completed issues in the Project column from ‘In Progress’ to ‘Completed’ for visual documentation.

### Ownership of Components
* Julian
    * Game Manager - Model
    * Program Index
* Gianni
    * User View
    * Game View
* Casey
    * Results View
* John
    * Tutorial View
    * User Index
* Jessica
    * User Controller
    * Game Controller
    
### Fully-built Release Candidate
* Fully built release candidate will be completed by May 26th, 2017
    * Be able to test with peers for bugs before full release.
    * Be able to make changes after bugs and what not
    * Homework 7: Final Release due June 2nd, 2017 (final day)
* Plan
    * Weekly check-ins as mentioned above within our designated meeting times.
    * Weekly goals outlined and roles delegated
        * User, Game, Results and Tutorial Views roughly completed by May 12th, 2017
        * User and Game Controllers roughly completed by May 21st, 2017
        * Controllers and Views connected and successfully interacting (with small bugs here and there) by May 26th , 2017

### Progress Validation
* Issue tracking in GitHub
    * We will create new branches for each issue on GitHub.
    * There will be a low branch life - branches shouldn’t live for longer than a week without discussion; if you’re having trouble or are stuck, ask for help from any of our team members.
    * Pushing changes and commits on a frequent basis to measure progress.
* GitHub projects leveraged to track progress towards goal.
    * 3 Columns: To Do, In Progress, Done
        * Will input our issues into one of these columns.
        * GitHub will notify all team members when issues are completed
        * GitHub will also notify all team members when issues are dragged into a different column
* GitHub will push commits on specific branches in specific channels on Slack for Andy's and Benji's reference, and as a secondary reference for our team.
    * Team members will be assigned to appropriate channels to streamline the notifications to not clog up the team Facebook Messenger discussion if not pertaining to the whole team. The members within their appropriate channels will be able to post relevant information and files, along with being able to see GitHub commits for the corresponding branch.
* GitHub commits need to be commented and documented.
    * Note what was done and/or what is still left to do in the GitHub comments so you know where you left off and team members are aware of your progress.
    * If closing an issue, describe what changes you made for the issue for everyone's reference.
    * Note whether or not there may be dependencies that may be affected due to the current commit.

### Process Improvement
* 10 minute reflection/retrospective for each member during our weekly group meetings.
    * What did you build? Explain how it works
    * Explain any problems you ran into to see if anyone has a solution that works well for them in the future.
    * How will what you built successfully interact with other aspects of the program?
    * If a flaw is found, share with entire group and discuss remediation strategies.
    * After the person is confident they’ve fixed the problem, that person should message the Facebook Group message and let people know what they changed. The rest of the team can then test it for bugs.



